---
external help file: EulandaConnect-help.xml
Module Name: EulandaConnect
online version: https://github.com/Eulanda/EulandaConnect/blob/master/docs/Get-XmlEulandaBreadcrumb.md
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-XmlEulandaBreadcrumb

## SYNOPSIS
Get-XmlEulandaBreadcrumb generates an XML fragment containing all breadcrumb paths in which an article is found in a property tree.

## SYNTAX

```
Get-XmlEulandaBreadcrumb [[-barcode] <String>] [[-articleNo] <String>] [[-articleId] <Int32>]
 [[-articleUid] <Guid>] [[-breadcrumbPath] <String>] [[-tablename] <String>] [[-conn] <Object>]
 [[-udl] <String>] [[-connStr] <String>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The function takes various parameters such as `-barcode`, `-articleNo`, `-articleId`, and `-articleUid` to specify the article. The `-breadcrumbPath` parameter specifies the root of the property tree path starting with a backslash `\`. The `-tablename` parameter specifies the table that the property tree corresponds to. The function can connect to a database using either the `-conn` parameter, the `-udl` parameter, or the `-connStr` parameter.

The XML fragment generated by the function contains a list of breadcrumb paths for the specified article.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1:This example generates an XML fragment containing all breadcrumb paths for one article
```powershell
PS C:\> Get-XmlEulandaBreadcrumb -articleNo '130100' -breadcrumbPath '\Shop' -tablename 'Article' -udl 'C:\temp\Eulanda_1 JohnDoe.udl'
```

```xml
<MERKMALLISTE>
    <MERKMAL>
        <PFAD>\Profi-Aqua\Make-Up</PFAD>
    </MERKMAL>
   <MERKMAL>
        <PFAD>\Profi-Aqua\Sensible</PFAD>
    </MERKMAL>    
</MERKMALLISTE>
```

This example generates an XML fragment containing all breadcrumb paths in which article number 130100 is found in the `Article` property tree starting at the root `\Shop`. The XML fragment contains a single `MERKMAL` element with the `PFAD` (path) sub-element containing the breadcrumb path.

## PARAMETERS

### -articleId
The `ArticleId` is a unique key in the table. It is normally only used internally to link tables together.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -articleNo
The `ArticleNo` is a unique alphanumeric field in the ERP system. If the value is set, then the article is searched by this number.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -articleUid
A UID (Unique Identifier) is a unique identifier assigned to a specific record in a database. In the context of EULANDA ERP software, each article is assigned a UID to uniquely identify it, regardless of its name, number, or other properties. The UID is usually automatically generated by the database and has a fixed length and formatting to ensure its uniqueness. The `articleUid` parameter is used to specify the UID of the article to retrieve the record.

```yaml
Type: Guid
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -barcode
The barcode (= GTIN) is a field in the article table which is not defined as a unique field by default. However, if you want to achieve a reliable search, the field should be set to uniqueness in the database beforehand.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -breadcrumbPath
Specifies the root of a property tree path starting with a backslash `\`. This parameter is used to search for the corresponding branch in the property tree and retrieve all breadcrumb paths in which the article is included in a fragmental xml format.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 4
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -conn
The connection can be established via an existing ADO object of the type 'ADODB.Connection'. If the connection is already open, it remains open even after the function has been executed. If it was closed, it will be closed again after the function has been executed.

```yaml
Type: Object
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 6
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -connStr
A `ConnectionString` can be specified here, with which a database can be opened.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 8
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -tablename
The parameter specifies the name of the table for which the property tree should be exported. Currently, three tables are supported: Article, Address, and Delivery. The valid table names can be retrieved using the `Get-MappingTablename` function, which allows input in both the native and English names.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 5
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -udl
Alternatively to a connection, a string to a UDL file can be specified. In this case an ADO object is created and closed again at the end of the function.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 7
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None

## OUTPUTS

### System.Object
## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
