---
external help file: EulandaConnect-help.xml
Module Name: EulandaConnect
online version: https://github.com/Eulanda/EulandaConnect/blob/master/docs/Get-UpsellingFromVariants.md
schema: 2.0.0
lastMod: 2024-03-19T06:27:25
---

# Get-UpsellingFromVariants

## SYNOPSIS
Returns an array of strings with article numbers that appear in the variants of a master article

## SYNTAX

```
Get-UpsellingFromVariants [[-barcode] <String>] [[-articleNo] <String>] [[-articleId] <Int32>]
 [[-articleUid] <Guid>] [[-conn] <Object>] [[-udl] <String>] [[-connStr] <String>]
 [-ProgressAction <ActionPreference>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Returns an array of strings containing the article numbers present in the variants of a master article. If the specified article is already one of these variants, its number is not included in the returned array. This function is intended to populate the upselling fields of the article in the area of the shop extension. If no explicit entries are present there, they are provided by this function.

The article can be specified using the barcode, article number, article ID or article UID. The database connection is established using one of the three options: ADO-COM object, connection string, or specifying a UDL file.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1:Returns an array of strings with variant numbers to be used as upselling items
```powershell
PS C:\> Get-UpsellingFromVariants -articleNo '130100' -udl 'C:\temp\Eulanda_1 Truccamo.udl'
```

```
180105
300107
350102
700105
```

This example shows how to call the `Get-UpsellingFromVariants` function to get an array of variant numbers for the article with the article number `130100`. The function is using a UDL file located at `C:\temp\Eulanda_1 Truccamo.udl` to connect to the database. The returned array contains the variant numbers `180105`, `300107`, `350102`, and `700105`.

## PARAMETERS

### -articleId
The `ArticleId` is a unique key in the table. It is normally only used internally to link tables together.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -articleNo
The `ArticleNo` is a unique alphanumeric field in the ERP system. If the value is set, then the article is searched by this number.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -articleUid
A UID (Unique Identifier) is a unique identifier assigned to a specific record in a database. In the context of EULANDA ERP software, each article is assigned a UID to uniquely identify it, regardless of its name, number, or other properties. The UID is usually automatically generated by the database and has a fixed length and formatting to ensure its uniqueness. The `articleUid` parameter is used to specify the UID of the article to retrieve the record.

```yaml
Type: Guid
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -barcode
The barcode (= GTIN) is a field in the article table which is not defined as a unique field by default. However, if you want to achieve a reliable search, the field should be set to uniqueness in the database beforehand.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -conn
The connection can be established via an existing ADO object of the type 'ADODB.Connection'. If the connection is already open, it remains open even after the function has been executed. If it was closed, it will be closed again after the function has been executed.

```yaml
Type: Object
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 4
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -connStr
A `ConnectionString` can be specified here, with which a database can be opened.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 6
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -udl
Alternatively to a connection, a string to a UDL file can be specified. In this case an ADO object is created and closed again at the end of the function.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 5
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```


### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None

## OUTPUTS

### System.Object
## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS


