---
external help file: EulandaConnect-help.xml
Module Name: EulandaConnect
online version: https://github.com/Eulanda/EulandaConnect/blob/master/docs/Get-ArticleId.md
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-ArticleId

## SYNOPSIS
Returns the `Id` of the article based on its barcode or article number.

## SYNTAX

```
Get-ArticleId [[-barcode] <String>] [[-articleNo] <String>] [[-articleId] <Int32>] [[-articleUid] <Guid>]
 [[-conn] <Object>] [[-udl] <String>] [[-connStr] <String>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Based on the parameter `Barcode` or `ArticleNo` the `Id` of the found article is returned. If neither a barcode nor the article number is specified, an **exception** is thrown.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1:Returns the ID based on an article number
```powershell
PS C:\> Get-ArticleId -articleNo '4711' -udl "C:\temp\Eulanda_1 JohnDoe.udl"
```

Returns the `Id` of the found article. The search is done here via the article number. Alternatively, the `Barcode` parameter can be used for the search.

## PARAMETERS

### -articleId
The `ArticleId` is a unique key in the table. It is normally only used internally to link tables together.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -articleNo
The `ArticleNo` is a unique alphanumeric field in the ERP system. If the value is set, then the article is searched by this number.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -articleUid
A UID (Unique Identifier) is a unique identifier assigned to a specific record in a database. In the context of EULANDA ERP software, each article is assigned a UID to uniquely identify it, regardless of its name, number, or other properties. The UID is usually automatically generated by the database and has a fixed length and formatting to ensure its uniqueness. The `articleUid` parameter is used to specify the UID of the article to retrieve the record.

```yaml
Type: Guid
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -barcode
Returns the `Id` of the found article. The search is performed using the barcode (= GTIN) of the article. 

> Normally this barcode is defined ambiguously in the database. It is accordingly necessary to define the field in the database as unique.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -conn
The connection can be established via an existing ADO object of the type 'ADODB.Connection'. If the connection is already open, it remains open even after the function has been executed. If it was closed, it will be closed again after the function has been executed.

```yaml
Type: Object
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 4
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -connStr
A `ConnectionString` can be specified here, with which a database can be opened.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 6
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -udl
Alternatively to a connection, a string to a UDL file can be specified. In this case an ADO object is created and closed again at the end of the function.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 5
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None

## OUTPUTS

### System.Object
## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
