---
external help file: EulandaConnect-help.xml
Module Name: EulandaConnect
online version: https://github.com/Eulanda/EulandaConnect/blob/master/docs/Get-XmlEulandaMetadata.md
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-XmlEulandaMetadata

## SYNOPSIS
The `Get-XmlEulandaMetadata` function generates an XML fragment with metadata information for native EULANDA-XML messages.

## SYNTAX

```
Get-XmlEulandaMetadata [-noUsername] [-noPcName] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The `Get-XmlEulandaMetadata` function creates an XML fragment containing information about the EULANDA-XML message. This fragment follows the structure described in the '[XmlStructure](../appendix/XmlStructure.md)' document. Only field names listed in the metadata are accepted. The output uses USI8601 as the date format and the American format with a period as the decimal separator for floating-point numbers. The PC name that generated the XML and the logged-in user can be suppressed with switches.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1:Returns the metadata for Eulanda XML format
```powershell
PS C:\> Get-XmlEulandaMetadata
```

```xml
<METADATA>
    <VERSION>2.3.15</VERSION>
    <GENERATOR>EulandaConnect</GENERATOR>
    <DATEFORMAT>ISO8601</DATEFORMAT>
    <FLOATFORMAT>US</FLOATFORMAT>
    <COUNTRYFORMAT>ISO2</COUNTRYFORMAT>
    <FIELDNAMES>NATIVE</FIELDNAMES>
    <DATE>2023-03-22T08:31:10</DATE>
    <PCNAME>DOE-PC</PCNAME>
    <USERNAME>JOHN</USERNAME>
</METADATA>
```

Returns the metadata for EULANDA XML format. The metadata includes the version number, generator, date format, float format, country format, field names, date and PC/username of the system that generated the XML. The PC/username can be suppressed using switches.

## PARAMETERS

### -noPcName
The `-noPcName` parameter is a switch that, if specified, suppresses the output of the computer name in the metadata XML generated by the `Get-XmlEulandaMetadata` function. If this switch is not specified, the computer name will be included in the metadata XML.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -noUsername
Parameter `-noUsername` is a switch that can be used with the `Get-XmlEulandaMetadata` function. If this switch is present, the username information will not be included in the metadata XML output.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None

## OUTPUTS

### System.String
## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
