---
external help file: EulandaConnect-help.xml
Module Name: EulandaConnect
online version: https://github.com/Eulanda/EulandaConnect/blob/master/docs/Get-AddressId.md
schema: 2.0.0
lastMod: 2024-03-19T06:27:25
---

# Get-AddressId

## SYNOPSIS
This PowerShell function returns the `ID` of an address based on its unique field like addressMatch, addressId or addressUid of the EULANDA merchandise management system. This function requires an EULANDA ERP system. Source code on [GitHub](https://github.com/Eulanda/EulandaConnect/blob/master/source/public/Get-AddressId.ps1).

## SYNTAX

```
Get-AddressId [[-addressMatch] <String>] [[-addressId] <Int32>] [[-addressUid] <Guid>] [-like]
 [[-conn] <Object>] [[-udl] <String>] [[-connStr] <String>] [-ProgressAction <ActionPreference>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The function returns the id of the address using the parameter `Match`. The field `Match` is unique in the address table. Via the switch `like` it can be achieved that the parameter `Match` is considered as `search word*`. This can be useful in certain scenarios. Alternatively, the `ID` can be set instead of the `Match` parameter. In this case the function returns the same value if the record could be found. If no value is found, $null is returned, otherwise the found `Id`. If more than one address is found when using the `like` switch, an **exception** is thrown.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1:Returns the ID in case of wildcard search
```powershell
PS C:\> Get-AddressId -match 'JOHN' -like -udl "C:\temp\Eulanda_1 JohnDoe.udl"
```

Here the ID of the desired address is returned, even if the address would be stored in the database as 'JOHN DOE', because the like-switch allows this variant of the search.

## PARAMETERS

### -addressId
The `AddressId` is a unique key in the table. It is usually used only internally to link tables together. Although the function already returns the ID, it can still be useful to search for it, specifically to determine if the ID is valid and a record can be found with it.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -addressMatch
The parameter `-addressMatch` is a match code in the EULANDA ERP system, which also serves as a search term but as a unique search field. It is practical because it is easily readable and understandable, and is often used to compare data with external systems. The match code is used to search for a specific address, to ensure that the searched address is unique and valid.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -addressUid
A UID (Unique Identifier) is a unique identifier assigned to a specific record in a database. In the context of EULANDA ERP software, each article is assigned a UID to uniquely identify it, regardless of its name, number, or other properties. The UID is usually automatically generated by the database and has a fixed length and formatting to ensure its uniqueness. The `addressUid` parameter is used to specify the UID of the address to retrieve the record.

```yaml
Type: Guid
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -conn
The connection can be established via an existing ADO object of the type 'ADODB.Connection'. If the connection is already open, it remains open even after the function has been executed. If it was closed, it will be closed again after the function has been executed.

```yaml
Type: Object
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -connStr
A `ConnectionString` can be specified here, with which a database can be opened.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 5
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -like
The switch like specifies that the address is to be fuzzy searched using the `Match` field. The beginning of the match must be exact, the remaining part is a wildcard, e.g. 'Match*'.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -udl
Alternatively to a connection, a string to a UDL file can be specified. In this case an ADO object is created and closed again at the end of the function.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 4
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```


### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None

## OUTPUTS

### System.Object
## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS


