---
external help file: EulandaConnect-help.xml
Module Name: EulandaConnect
online version: https://github.com/Eulanda/EulandaConnect/blob/master/docs/Test-ArticlePropertyItem.md
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Test-ArticlePropertyItem

## SYNOPSIS
Checks if there is an entry in the property tree for a specific article

## SYNTAX

```
Test-ArticlePropertyItem [-barcode <String>] [-articleNo <String>] [[-articleId] <Int32>] [-articleUid <Guid>]
 [[-propertyId] <Int32>] [[-conn] <Object>] [[-udl] <String>] [[-connStr] <String>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
If the property is set for the article, the function returns false, otherwise false. 
The article is specified by its id. The searched property is the id of the folder in the property tree. This is obtained in the ERP system by displaying the properties for this entry with the right mouse button. The SQL database can be accessed via an existing ADO connection object, a connection string or the path to a UDL file.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1:How a property tree looks like
```ini
Articles/
├─ My Properties/
├─ Shop Catalog/
│  ├─ Hardware
│  ├─ Software
│  ├─ Books
├─ Colors/
│  ├─ Red
│  ├─ Green
│  ├─ Blue
├─ Special Flag
```

This property tree is only an example. Based on this structure, all articles assigned to this property can be displayed immediately in the ERP system, so it is a kind of filter. However, these filters can also be used when printing, exporting or displaying a product online.

Setting these properties can be done manually or through this API. For example, it can be determined whether an article should be transferred to an online store system or not.

### Example 2: Checks if an article has a certain property
```powershell
PS C:\> [bool]$blue = (Test-ArticlePropertyItem -propertyId 125 -articleId 3623 -udl "C:\temp\Eulanda_1 JohnDoe.udl")
```

Here it is checked whether the article has the color blue or not. The ID for the blue property must be looked up in the ERP system beforehand.
In this way, each article can be checked for this property. The database is accessed by specifying the UDL file.

## PARAMETERS

### -articleId
The `ArticleId` is a unique key in the table. It is normally only used internally to link tables together.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -conn
The connection can be established via an existing ADO object of the type 'ADODB.Connection'. If the connection is already open, it remains open even after the function has been executed. If it was closed, it will be closed again after the function has been executed.

```yaml
Type: Object
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -connStr
A ConnectionString can be specified here, with which a database can be opened.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 4
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -propertyId
The property ID is determined directly in the ERP system by clicking on the property name with the right mouse button and noting the displayed ID.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -udl
Alternatively to a connection, a string to a UDL file can be specified. In this case an ADO object is created and closed again at the end of the function.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -articleNo
The `ArticleNo` is a unique alphanumeric field in the ERP system. If the value is set, then the article is searched for here and its `Id` is returned.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -articleUid
A UID (Unique Identifier) is a unique identifier assigned to a specific record in a database. In the context of EULANDA ERP software, each article is assigned a UID to uniquely identify it, regardless of its name, number, or other properties. The UID is usually automatically generated by the database and has a fixed length and formatting to ensure its uniqueness. The `articleUid` parameter is used to specify the UID of the article to retrieve the record.

```yaml
Type: Guid
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -barcode
The barcode (= GTIN) is a field in the article table which is not defined as a unique field by default. However, if you want to achieve a reliable search, the field should be set to uniqueness in the database beforehand.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None

## OUTPUTS

### System.Object
## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
